Raycast Toolkit CLI Tool (#3)
raycast/script-commands: README.md

This repository contains sample commands and documentation to write your own ones.

> Check the list of Script Commands [available here](raycast-extensions.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [list](raycast-extensions.md) of all available Script Commands.
```
